Add Helm guide link to Connectors config (#5721)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/connectors-deployment/connectors-configuration.md

</TabItem>

<TabItem value='helm'>

> Connector secrets can be used in Helm charts by following the [managing secrets in Helm charts](self-managed/setup/guides/secret-management.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connector secrets can be used in Helm charts. Review the documentation on [managing secrets in Helm charts](self-managed/setup/guides/secret-management.md) for additional details.
```
